---
layout: archive-no-title
permalink: 1997/
author_profile: true
title: Chris Kreucher 1997 publications
---

<center>
<a href="../complete-bibliography/"><button type="button" class="btn" style="background-color:#5C5C5C;color:#ffffff;outline:none;border-radius:5px"> all </button></a>
<a href="../conference/"><button type="button" class="btn" style="background-color:#5C5C5C;color:#ffffff;outline:none;border-radius:5px"> conference</button></a>
</center>
<br>
<center>
<a href="../1997/"><button type="button" class="button button3" style="background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;outline:none;border-radius:5px"> 1997</button></a>
<br><br>
</center><font size="-0.5">
<ol id = "reverse_numbering">
<li>
 M. Beauvais,  R. De{F}auw,  C. Kreucher,  S. Lakshmanan, <b>MOSFET: The Michigan Off-Road Sensor Fusing Experimental Testbed</b>. <em>The 1997 AUVSI Intelligent Ground Vehicle Competition</em>, June 1997. [<a href="../papers/1997AUVSI.pdf">PDF</a>]
</li>
<br>
</ol>
<script type="text/javascript">
var reverse=document.getElementById('reverse_numbering');
reverse.style.listStyle='none';
reverse.style.textIndent='-23px';
var li=reverse.getElementsByTagName('li');
for(var i=0; i<li.length; i++){
li[i].insertBefore(document.createTextNode(li.length-i+'. '), li[i].firstChild);}
</script>
<u><b>Disclaimer:</b></u><br><br>
<p><em>
This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and 
        technical work. Copyright and all rights therein are retained by authors or by other copyright holders.
        All person copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by each 
        author's copyright. In most cases, these works may not be reposted without the explicit permission of 
        the copyright holder. 
</em></p>
<p><em>
Some of these documents are (c) IEEE. Personal use of this material is permitted. However, 
        permission to reprint/republish this material for advertising or promotional purposes or for creating 
        new collective works for resale or redistribution to servers or lists, or to reuse any copyrighted
        component of this work in other works must be obtained from the IEEE.
Other documents are (c) SPIE. These documents are made available as an electronic reprint with 
        permission of SPIE. One print or electronic copy may be made for personal use only. Systematic or multiple 
        reproduction, distribution to multiple locations via electronic or other means, duplication of any material 
        in this paper for a fee or for commercial purposes, or modification of the content of the paper are prohibited.
</em></p>